welcome he was I'm Christine 10
president muy kibaki ended his three-day
campaigning western province by
cautioning waters not to gamble with
leaders who promised big things but
could not deliver he also embarked on a
door-to-door campaign the president
surprised the residents were in he
disembarked from his vehicle and entered
a homestead in sango village on the
Bungoma with we highway in Bungoma east
district accompanied by the first lady
lucy kibaki the president walked into
the compound of a surprised 52 year old
Rosemere enamel wha who welcomed them to
their humble home when I angle Cooper
marco SI amor de nakano a total foodie
upto combatant I up what what a sober
one day someone give me fast oh good
Newton who file happen upon their mice
mmm where to a baby show me if I'm
working on my later he addressed a crowd
that gathered at melava town before
addressing another at Bangor makita late
junction near bowie town kasi kasi
Aquino ax de tu en un te da father e
questa Babu ha una dia en Guinea
addressing a public rally at mateesah
groans Kibaki thank the party leaders
reunited behind the party of national
unity to support his election
kenyans have been challenged to take
charge of formation of political parties
in order to improve their ownership and
performance of this political parties
this was say today by various political
analyst who were attending a conference
on the way forward for democracy in
Kenya the analysts say that the current
trend in information of political
parties was not healthy this is because
they are formed to cater for the
interest of the elite leaders professor
Nick wanjohi see that none of the
political parties had any political
value and they did not put the interest
of the common man ang first actually you
can see by the way the way royal
properties who are forming coalition's
animosity have you had any they were
sitting on what should be done for the
nation or what should be done for
themselves dividual it is all
individually what position should i get
but not what will happen to the nation
he said that with current trend in
information of coalition would end up
giving canyons a weak central government
with a weak system of governance he said
the coalition's are being formed not
based on issues but on who gets what in
terms of power and resources are going
to be faced with the paralysis
governmental paralysis and 11 of these
days now shall we go forward then the
government policy decisions to be
increasingly negotiated who have to be
negotiated yet there is no delays and
good measure of governmental paralysis
from time to time Professor Peter when
yonder say that should the trend
continue Kenyans in future might have to
depend on a federal system of government
in order to survive he said the
political parties bill should have
amendments to regulate the formation of
political parties and cop the movement
of leaders from one party to another
from this room ' and instead will be
forced to seek their rights internally
from
a few parts that will be existing the
conference which was organized by the
agency for development education and
communication was held at Nairobi Safari
Club
members of the civil society to deem it
demands for a proper CDF act that would
ensure proper management of the fan and
full accountability from CDF committees
they threatened to call for mass action
throughout the country if mechanism for
proper governance one not put in place
picking at a press conference in Nairobi
the programs coordinator of Muslims for
Human Rights majuli Hussein holla'd say
there have been numerous reports of
widespread abuse and mismanagement of
cydia funds this is the opportunity for
Kenyans to unite to ensure appropriate
laws are passed to implement the same in
addition the CDF art itself raises two
fundamental constitutional concerns of
governance the first being that of
conflict of interest to add the
legislature which made and passed the
act is both the maker of the law and the
executor of the CDF projects he further
claimed that the role of members of
parliament in the execution of CDF was
conflicting the society is against
parliamentarians moved further abuse
Kenyans rights and bestow on themselves
and constitutional powers under the CDF
Act a civil society we are against the
move by parliamentarians to further
abuse the rights of Kenyans and bestow
on themselves and necessary and
unconstitutional powers under the CDF
Act Kenyans must guard against misuse of
their resources through these MPs who
continue to be quite themselves Kenyans
had and taxes through hefty salaries
send off packages and now CDF resources
although many have praised development
projects brought about by the CDF there
have been many cases of complaints of
mrs. of these funds by MPs
welcome to the money market in today's
agriculture sector you may liberty
limited gained a shilling to trade that
sixty eight shillings Ravi penguins
acini lost 25 cents and thirty cents
respectively to trader share at 21
fifteen and eighteen forty respectively
commercial and services segment so
Nation Media Group down to any one
shilling to close a 291 shillings with
scant group also losing 50 cents to
settle at 28 kenya airways in CMC
holdings closing at seventy four
shillings and seventeen fifty
respectively recorded fifty cents and
forty-five cents gains respectively in
the finance and investment sector and I
see Bank gained a shilling to close at
190 shillings while Kenya insurance
while the day's biggest movers on 5.94
million shares trading a share at
seventeen and sixty sent them on Trust
Bank juubi insurance an equity bank for
the sector's uses of ten five and three
shillings respectively moving on to the
industrial in allied segment British
American Tobacco gained four shillings
to trade at 155 in East African portland
cement also up three shillings to settle
a share at 134 shillings a theory
remaining vibhuti cement and kenya power
in lighting company were on the losing
end using 95 and four shillings
respectively to trade at 94 195 and 255
shillings respectively in the currency
exchange rates one US dollar was buying
at 67 Kenya shillings into sin and
selling at 67 Kenya shillings and 14
cents the stallion pound exchange at a
mean rate on 135 for 152 the shilling
buying at 135 conditions and selling 28
cents higher the euro buying at 93 Kenya
shillings and 61 cents sold at 93
and II to spread sense